# Resume

Resume Readme
This README file provides an overview of my professional resume. Please find the relevant sections below for a comprehensive understanding of my skills, experience, and qualifications.





## Table of Contents

* Summary.
* Education.
* Experience.
* Skills.
* Projects.
* Certifications.
* Contact Information.

## Summary
Highly motivated and enthusiastic computer science and engineering professional seeking an entry-level position to kickstart a successful career in the field. Eager to apply my strong foundation in computer science principles, programming languages, and problem-solving skills to contribute to a dynamic organization.
## Education
1.Bachelor Degree of Computer Science - Annamalai university (2018-2022) percentage - 81.5%.
2.Higher Secondary Course - Musthafa Matriculation Higher Secondary School (2017-2018) percentage - 70%.
3.Secondary School Course - Musthafa Matriculation Higher Secondary School (2015-2016) percentage - 71%.
## Skills
* Infinera Tool
* HTML
* CSS
* Java Script
* Bootstrap
* Github
* SQL
* Node.js
* Python
## Projects
E-shopping Website 

HTML, CSS, JavaScript

* The e-shopping website project aims to create an online platform where users can browse and purchase products or services.
* The project will focus on creating an intuitive and user-friendly interface, ensuring a seamless shopping experience for customers.
* I am using a static website, it means that my website consists of pre-designed web pages that do not change dynamically. This type of website is typically created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files and does not require server-side processing or a database.

-Video Capturing using Deep Learning Technique

  Machine Learning, Python, Numpy
  * Generate captions which describe the events of a video automatically. The captions are generated by LSTM/RNN along with encoder-decoder architecture.
  * The captions features are extracted from pretrained VGG16 model and MSVD from Microsoft is used as a dataset.
  * The aim is to leverage deep learning techniques and the capabilities of the Keras tool to extract meaningful information from video data, enabling various video analysis tasks.
## Certifications
 Certification in python from Gread learning.
## Contact Information
Phone: +91 7305259827

Email: vijay7478kumar@gmail.com

Address: sri balaji pg, Tharamani, Chennai - 600020.